and there people are never a video
de itu beetle commented on who speaks
It's the team this time we have one more.
episode of the series on the subway
I hope you like it, so this is it.
although the video
some change in the modifications that the
my voice became very good short
distance
however the average distance having
difficulty in controlling the use of
then the modification I modified was
the following improved strangeness 3
which increases the reach of the weapon to the
club jec 3 that increases the speed of
clicks the speed of the shot you can
achieve with your
the objective was to improve the pace of
shots so I could hit more bullets
do not even kill me
so always two shots were missing a shot
because mine with my control is well
slow then I think Corinthians already
what guy
at close range solved this but the
long distance I have to control
still focus more on
get that that because the rich
he changed slightly on the move
still having some defects of the defects
very basic ones that are of choice
paths that I must follow that he
enemy he had already taken
completely the place of Sunday and Thursday
So what should I have done?
I could not have passed the line should
I went by the parking lot and yes I
would have a better view of what was
happening within that time
so it was not what I did I just
jumping the fence and had a good situation
bad
one thing I also want to talk about
You, I'm still very afraid of
to face certain weapons
they are a joke to the hollow tmg the tommy gun
from time to time there is more than cadence
very high and very mobile
pro enemy then I keep thinking like this
I'm going to die so I'll run away so
I just think that I can not
focus on the enemy and take what is
so I become a very easy target
because instead of inside the damage or me
I end up taking damage because I'm running away
so it's a horrible choice you have
to go up without fear and try
to hit
if you killed beauties and died now
close has to be this way and mania
fear of these weapons must end
a tip you make before offered me
That's if you have too close to the
your enemy
you do not need to right click
for you to improve you can eat
born normally have to use this
same as closing more because the indentation
will not interfere so much since
it's very close you'll get
set shots on the album there thing
important is you hit more shots of the
that your enemy
quickly the background gameplay is a
good part was against the fla if he is
Enitec very good he makes a jeep
shots can hit it's a thing
very good of him feature
controls very well
the tech is already more unstable
It's time that I go well and have time that
I'm very bad
the people who are already more accustomed
with hitech and its variations 75 and
vasek two already makes a move called
of ambu shot you use the already looking link
I use olim and jump with it you
will get a slightly bigger view
there is a corridor of some area that you
you need to pass
if you find an enemy you
fired your weapon
then this is sometimes good and others
Sometimes it 's bad because you'll see now
flu is trying to make the goal
He's going to come and pull him a shot.
gets a very good area that I do not
I will have coverage but some in the position
that he is and he can take
archive
On the other hand, when I answer
I'll go and get the goal I lost.
I was born in the same place as the people
faced
It's just that we reversed it.
was to make the same move
only as he is giving one more point
high and jump there would suffer that
Fall animation he could not move
more on for some time by some
seconds
so this one of his choice was well
bad if it had come a little more
Calm down maybe I would have died
now to end when I'm playing
with this type of player who is a
player who has the most
practice is because the game is a long time
but I lost a lot
practice is I can learn from the
drive them I'm being a little
more cautious dwarf all the time because
You're seeing that I'm still drinking.
bad decisions but over time this will
if he got it right and had another match that
I played with the ranking group and it was
very disastrous
who was there near the coil that
square 6 Chinese and is a place that you
does not have much coverage
So you end up going hand in hand
everyone and how they had 111 snip and
I was afraid to stay too long
Then I would try the plate to try and get it
but that does not give much personal
It has more control of the sights that I then
I like to play against them
even being a user a little more from here
a few days I post better than them who
You know
or to win some missions against
they
so personal but that's right the game
they will not suffer cuts like
suffered before defends in fade out
I will always choose now to accelerate the
video for you to know what is
happening on that one clip
so I think it's clearer and you
understand if you liked it and its like yours
favorite comment if possible and until
the next time I said go